This directory contains complete sources for rcsi version 0.2
----------------------------------------------------------------------

	rcsi is a program to give information about RCS files.

Copyright Colin Brough, 1994

rcsi is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any later
version.

rcsi is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License
for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with rcsi; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the Free
Software Foundation, 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.

$Id: README,v 1.4 1994/11/09 16:53:01 cmb Exp $

----------------------------------------------------------------------

rcsi gives information on files maintained by the RCS Revision Control
System. Output is similar to this:

	cmb.rcsi > rcsi
	COPYING  ( out, unchanged, unlocked )
	Makefile ( out, *revised*,  cmb:1.5 )
	RCS      ( Directory )
	README   ( out, unchanged, unlocked )
	README~  ( Not under RCS )
	rcsi     ( Not under RCS )
	rcsi-0.1 ( Directory )
	rcsi.c   ( out, *revised*,  cmb:1.10 )
	cmb.rcsi > 

You may also specify files on the command line:

	cmb.rcsi > rcsi COPYING README rcsi.c
	COPYING  ( out, unchanged, unlocked )
	README   ( out, unchanged, unlocked )
	rcsi.c   ( out, *revised*,  cmb:1.10 )
	cmb.rcsi > 

A numer of options are available to limit the output, for example only
to changed files, or only files with locks.

Installation
--------------------

Just type 'make' - by default 'gcc' is used. Then copy the binary and
the man page to wherever you want them to go... Edit the Makefile if
you need to use a different compiler or compile time options. 'rcsi'
was developed and tested principally on Linux (version 1.0.9,
Slackware release 2.0), and has also been compiled and run on SunOS
4.1.3, Solaris 2.3, Irix 5.2 and OSF/1 - see the Makefile for example
targets for the different architectures.

Status and Bug Reports
----------------------

'rcsi' is in a fairly early stage of development. If you find any
bugs, please let me know. Also, if you have any suggestions for
information that 'rcsi' could display that you would find useful, I'd
be interested in hearing them.

Comments, bug reports, etc., to

	cmb@epcc.ed.ac.uk

I'll generally try and make the most recent version of rcsi available
as a gzipped tar file from:

	ftp.epcc.ed.ac.uk 

in the directory:

	pub/rcs
